link to finished Codepen: https://codepen.io/CamMein/pen/xxdJBdM
Questions: 
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Html that describes itself. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To build the structure of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Something like width or color. We put it in the beginning tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The header, one time. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <html>
    7. What is an id? 
        a selector that can only be used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any as long as you only use it once 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
    10. What is a class? 
        A way to group things together so you can reference them with one line of code.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        div, section, 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add target='_blank' in your code
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        an alternate image in case the original one doesn't work. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        id='xxxx'
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is used when the content is related, div is just a divider
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling your html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class applies to multiple elements, ID is just one. Class when coloring text, ID when coloring an overall background.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A selector when you use elements within elements. Useful for selecting all p tags in one section.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        something that changes something about the selector, like the :hover used in yesterday's project.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div {
            border: 1px black dotted;
            }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        looking at the line that comes up when you send a command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        the ls command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm. You can't get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It helps track and identify problems
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes or after a big change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
         git push -u cam-meiners
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the repo   
        Copy the clone link
        change directory to where you want your repo
        git clone "link"
        change directories into the repo
        branch using git checkout -b cam-meiners
        code . to open in vscode
        git add .
        git commit -m "used to comment what you changed on the document"
        push the changes using git push -u origin cam-meiners
        go back to github and change the branch to your branch
        click new pull request and change from base repo to your own repo
        create pull request